Correctly build Mimir and Helm chart docs with link checking (#5716)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/helm-charts/mimir-distributed/run-production-environment-with-helm/_index.md

```

For more information about the failure modes of either the ingester or store-gateway

> component, refer to [Ingesters failure and data loss]
> or [Store-gateway: Blocks sharding and replication].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
component, refer to [Ingesters failure and data loss] or [Store-gateway: Blocks sharding and replication].
```

>   --set 'mimir-distributed.rollout_operator.podSecurityContext.runAsUser=null' \
>   --set 'mimir-distributed.rollout_operator.podSecurityContext.runAsGroup=null'
> ```

{{% docs/reference %}}

> [Planning Grafana Mimir capacity]: "/ -> /docs/mimir/<MIMIR DOCS VERSION>/operators-guide/run-production-environment/planning-capacity"
> [Ingesters failure and data loss]: "/ -> /docs/mimir/<MIMIR DOCS VERSION>/references/architecture/components/ingester#ingesters-failure-and-data-loss"
> [Collecting metrics and logs from Grafana Mimir]: "/ -> /docs/mimir/<MIMIR DOCS VERSION>/operators-guide/monitor-grafana-mimir/collecting-metrics-and-logs"
> [Store-gateway: Blocks sharding and replication]: "/ -> /docs/mimir/<MIMIR DOCS VERSION>/references/architecture/components/store-gateway#blocks-sharding-and-replication"
> [replication across availability zones]: "/ -> /docs/mimir/<MIMIR DOCS VERSION>/configure/configure-zone-aware-replication"
> [Configure Grafana Mimir object storage backend]: "/ -> /docs/mimir/<MIMIR DOCS VERSION>/configure/configure-object-storage-backend"
> [Installing Grafana Mimir dashboards and alerts]: "/ -> /docs/mimir/<MIMIR DOCS VERSION>/operators-guide/monitor-grafana-mimir/installing-dashboards-and-alerts"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Planning Grafana Mimir capacity]: "/ -> /docs/mimir/<MIMIR DOCS VERSION>/manage/run-production-environment/planning-capacity"
[Ingesters failure and data loss]: "/ -> /docs/mimir/<MIMIR DOCS VERSION>/references/architecture/components/ingester#ingesters-failure-and-data-loss"
[Collecting metrics and logs from Grafana Mimir]: "/ -> /docs/mimir/<MIMIR DOCS VERSION>/manage/monitor-grafana-mimir/collecting-metrics-and-logs"
[Store-gateway: Blocks sharding and replication]: "/ -> /docs/mimir/<MIMIR DOCS VERSION>/references/architecture/components/store-gateway#blocks-sharding-and-replication"
[replication across availability zones]: "/ -> /docs/mimir/<MIMIR DOCS VERSION>/configure/configure-zone-aware-replication"
[Configure Grafana Mimir object storage backend]: "/ -> /docs/mimir/<MIMIR DOCS VERSION>/configure/configure-object-storage-backend"
[Installing Grafana Mimir dashboards and alerts]: "/ -> /docs/mimir/<MIMIR DOCS VERSION>/manage/monitor-grafana-mimir/installing-dashboards-and-alerts"
```

Author: This suggestion is not correct for the release of the Mimir documentation targeted by the Helm chart documentation. There is no "Manage" section in the `v2.9.x` documentation (https://grafana.com/docs/mimir/v2.9.x/).
